update branding documentation and env settings list (#4620)
tracim/tracim: backend/doc/branding.md

Tracim loads the HTML from `website.welcome_page` in its index HTML page. The CSS file `website.welcome_page_style` is loaded as an external CSS link.

The default `welcome-simple.html` file loads the HTML from `welcome-simple-text.html` and renders it in a rectangle whose background is `welcome-simple-bg.jpg`.

### Add Registrations Terms

> Tracim permit to configure some files thats newly registered user should accept before using tracim.
> By default, there is none, but you can add any files you want.
> To do so, you can set a list of files separated by `,` in `development.ini`, an empty list mean no conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tracim allows showing documents that newly registered user should accept before using Tracim.
By default, there are none, but you can add any file you want.
To do so, you can set a list of files separated by `,` in `development.ini`, an empty list mean no conditions:
```

```
website.usage_conditions = Terms Of Service.pdf,Privacy Policy.pdf
```

The paths of the files in `development.ini` are relative to `<branding_folder>`.
These parameters can also be changed with an environment variable as described in [setting.md](setting.md).

> NB: there is no restriction on the type of file, but we can suggest a format that can been viewed
> directly from the browser, has it will be accessible through link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NB: there are no restrictions on the type of file you can add, but we suggest using a format
supported by browsers. These files it will be accessible through links.
```
